## Final Project Learnings 

Our final project is an API that allows users to not only create unique Spotify playlists but also add them to a useful Airtable spreadsheet. More specifically, our API allows users to create a playlist with liked songs within a date range. How that works is that one of the API routes takes in a date range (eg between '2020.04.01' and '2020.04.22) and then creates a Spotify playlist under your account with all the songs that you've liked in that range. After it creates that Spotify playlist, it also adds all those songs to an Airtable. One other function of our application is to take any playlist in Spotify and add all its songs into Airtable as well. Inside Airtable, there are 3 tables: Users, Playlists, and Songs. Once a user authenticates, they get added to the user table. In the process of making a playlist, the playlist is first added to the playlist table, then the songs to the songs table, then the associate between the songs and the playlist, and then finally the association between the user, songs, and playlist. One final note aobut our API is that we didn't use flask, we used an Express (Node.js) server!

In terms of what we learned, there were a lot of takeaways. Since our API was written in javascript, we ran into a lot of asynchronous issues. More concretely, there were multiple times where we chained API's and saw actions finishing before we wanted them to, such as the second API call happening before the first one finished. We were able to resolve this but utilizing something called Promises, which basically allow Javascript to wait for the completion of an API call before continuing. We also learned that there is another way to work with asynchronous code, which is by adding the tag 'await' before we made those calls.


